you know more incident i havena she got
stitcher but it's only tease my car I've
just they are heart because I get the
rayleigh relations through our heart as
well so I know you have them so we're
into our heart and then this is my local
station so half the sussex and surrey so
i'm picking that up if i go into them my
list forgotten what is so how can i
Facebook messages right out as well so
it still take about five to ten seconds
to load up
so that automatically gave mouth Benson
six in the halls
the Replicators
now this is it now this is a 2.2 diesel
150 brake horsepower we've got 360 miles
fuel range the phil has been rimmed and
there is a head-up display nice vehicle
as opposed to the rev counter there with
a small digit in the corner it shows the
speed what you're doing
you